Okay, so you finally invested in a bike and now you need to know how to keep it
safe and we're gonna show you how.
I'm here with Zach from Purefix. Can you give us some expert tips for keeping our
ride safe, Zach? I can, thanks Amanda. A bike is an important investment and you
want to keep it safe. The first thing I recommend is getting rid of any quick
release levers on your bike.
Quick release levers on your wheels and seatposts make removing them easy and
that makes stealing them easy. It only takes a few seconds to remove a quick
release front wheel or saddle. You should replace any quick release levers with
Allen bolts or 15 millimeter nuts. This doesn't mean your wheels and saddles are
safe, it just makes them harder for a passerby to jack them.
If you have a daily commuter that's locked up outside a lot, you might want
to consider some camo for your ride. A bike that looks fresh and clean attracts
would-be thieves. Try adding some creative touches to your frame. You can
use stickers of your favorite brands to cover up logos. That'll make it look
used even though it may be brand new. Your bike won't ride any different but
it'll be much less attractive to thieves.
Don't ever leave your bike unlocked. Now to lock your bike using a u-lock, it's
the best to attach the lock through your rear wheel around part of the frame. Make
sure to lock it to a solid object that can't be broken or moved and make sure
to lock it to your frame. Some people forget that. If you're using a chain lock
too, loop this through the front wheel and around part of the frame. No lock is
ever a hundred percent safe. If someone has enough time and determination, they
can cut through just about anything. But if you follow these tips, you can reduce
your chances of being another statistic. Alright, thank you so much Zach. You guys
got to remember to get the right lock and lock up your bike. If you have any
comments, please comment below or hit us up on our Twitter. I'm Amanda and I'll
see you in the streets.